# RESEARCH-PUBLICATIONS
Julius A.J, Onilude Q.A, Akinyemi O, Olayiwola I.B, Oniroko N.S, Eyinfunjowu LT, Solanke I 	(2014): 	Influence of Culture on Greening the Environment in Ido Local Government Area of Ibadan, Nigeria; 	Presented at the Technical Session of the XIV IUFRO World Congress in Saltlake City, USA: 	Session: A-17 - (189) Linking landscape, forests and people: The historical roots of biocultural 	diversity 
Julius A.J, Onilude Q.A, Akinyemi O, Olayiwola I.B, Oniroko N.S, Eyinfunjowu LT, Solanke I 	(2014): 	Assessment of the Impact of Forestry Research Institute of Nigeria Activities on 	the Neighboring 	Communities; Presented at the Technical Session of the XIV IUFRO World Congress in 	Saltlake 	City, USA: Session: A- 37a - (227a) Knowledge exchange 	and communication of forest research for 	human and community well-being 
Julius, A.J; Oyamakin, S.O; Oyeleye, B; Asaolu, J.O (2010): Health Benefits of Forests: 	Assessment of the 	Demand and Consumption of Herbal Medicines in Ido and 	Northwest Local Government Areas of	 Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria. Paper presented at the XXIII IUFRO World Congress, 23- 28 August, 	2010 at Seoul in Korea; Published in the International Forestry Review, Vol.12(5) Pp464 
Julius, A.J; Aluko, A.P; Oyeleye, B; Awosusi, B.M; Oyamakin, S.O; and Oniroko, N (2010): Agriculture 	in the Southwest Nigeria: An Overview of Rainfall Variability and Its Impact on Crop Production	in Ibadan, Oyo State. African Journal of Agricultural Research and Development, Volume 3, No.1, 	2010; ISSN: 2141-0097. Pp59-64 
Julius, A.J; B.O. Oyeleye, S.O. Oyamakin, N. Oniroko, O.S.Tayo, J.O. Asaolu, (2009):Empirical 	Investigation into Climate Change in Ibadan Metropolis. Proceeding of the 43rd Annual 	conference 	of Agricultural Society of Nigeria, Abuja, 20th – 23rd October, 2009 pp 805 – 808 
Julius, A.J; Oniroko, N.S; Issa, K.I; and Dawodu, O.O (2010); The Domestic Benefits of Nigeria 	Tropical Forests: A Critical Review. Proceeding of the 44th Agricultural Society of Nigeria	Conference, 18th-22nd October, 2010 at Ladoke Akintola University, Ogbomoso, Nigeria; Vol.I: 	Pp625-627 	
Oyamakin, S. O; J.O. Asaolu, A.J. Julius, I.A. Odungide, O.N. Oniroko (2009): A Comparative 	Study of the 	Effect of Agroclimatological Variables on the Yield of Major Food Crops in Nigeria. Proceedings of 	the 43rd Annual conference of Agricultural Society of Nigeria, Abuja, 20th – 23rd October, 2009 pp 	491 – 493 
Asaolu, J.O; Oyamakin, S. O; Oyeleye B; Julius, A.J; Oniroko, O.N; Awosusi, B.M (2009): 	Comparative Study On Gender Sensitivity To Climate Change In Nigeria: Biometricians’ 	View. Proceedings of the Maiden Annual Conference of Association of Women in Forestry and 	Environment (AWIFE), FRIN, Ibadan 1st – 5th November 2009 pp146-151 
Julius A.J, Oyamakin S.O, Oyeleye B, Tayo O.S, Iluyomade O.N, Asaolu J.O, Awosusi B.M 	(2009): 	Economic Meltdown And Forest Products Utilization: Efficacy of Botanical Medicines among 	the	Populace in Ido Local Government Area, Oyo State, Nigeria. Proceeding of the 33rd Annual 	Conference of the Forestry Association of Nigeria held in 	Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria: Vol.2; 	Pp297-306 
Awosusi B.M, Oyeleye B, Asaolu J.O, Julius A.J and Oyamakin S.O (2009): Livelihood 	Sustainability 	through Non-Timber Forest Products (NTFPs) in Nigeria. Proceeding of 	the 33rd Annual 	Conference of the Forestry Association of Nigeria held in Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria: Vol.I; 	Pp377-383 
Oniroko. N; Julius. A.J; Oyeleye. B.O; Oyamakin. S.O; Asaolu. J.O; and Odungie, I.A (2010): 	Descriptive 	Analysis of Economic Meltdown in Nigeria; Its Impacts on Sustainable 	Forest Management and 	the Environment: Proceeding of the 33rd Annual Conference of the Forestry Association of 	Nigeria held in Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria: Vol.2; Pp340-350 
Oyamakin, S.O; Oyeleye, B; Oniroko, O.N; and Julius, A.J (2010): An Assessment of the Effect 	of Economic Meltdown: The Nigeria Story: Proceeding of the 33rd Annual Conference of the Forestry Association of Nigeria held in Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria: Vol.2; Pp358-366 
Oyamakin Oluwafemi S; Julius Adebayo J; Asaolu Janet O and Oyeleye Bolarinwa (2010): Sampling 	Techniques Procedures in Sustainable Forest Management: A Two-Phase 	Sampling Approach; 	American Journal of Scientific and Industrial Research, Science Hub, available at 	www.scihub.org/AJSIR ISSN: 2153-649X 	doi:5251/ajsir.2010.1.3.667.670 
Oyamakin Oluwafemi S., Ayoola F. J., Oluwatosin Dare and Adebayo . J. Julius (2011): 	Simultaneous 	Equation Techniques in the Estimation of Parameters of the Nigerian Economic Indicator 	Models; Accepted on the 4th of January, 2011 for publication in the Central Bank of Nigeria 	Journal of Applied Statistics 
Julius, A.J., Iluyomade, O.N., Akinyemi, G.O., Oniroko, N.S; Onilude, Q.A and Aderemi, A.M 	(2011): 	Assessment of the Impact of Agroforestry Education on Biodiversity Conservation and Community 	Development; International Journal of Cross- Disciplinary	 Subjects in Education (IJCDSE), Special 	Issue Volume 1 Issue 1, 2011, Pp577 - 582. 	Available online at www.infonomics-society.org 
